feat(dashboard): add RBAC feature for Dashboard (#11610)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/feat-11610.en.md

Implemented a preliminary Role-Based Access Control for the Dashboard.
In this version, there are two predefined roles:
- superuser
  This role could access all resources.
- viewer

>   This role only can access the `GET` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This role can only view resources and data, corresponding to all GET requests in the REST API.
```
